move code v1 (#1)
yang-chengg/sandbox: feature-registry-app/README.md

![Feature Registry Interface](./images/feature-registry-interface.png)

## 🚀 Deployment

### Create an App
1. Log into your destination Databricks workspace and navigate to "Compute > Apps"
2. Click on "Create App" and select "Create a custom app"
3. Enter an app name and click "Create app"

### Customization
1. Create a file named `deploy_config.sh` in the root folder with the following variables:
   ```sh
   # Path to a destination folder in default Databricks workspace where source code will be sync'ed
   export DEST=/Workspace/Users/Path/To/App/Code 
   # Name of the App to deploy
   export APP_NAME=your-app-name
   ```
   Or simply run `./deploy.sh` - it will create a template file if it doesn't exist

2. Update `deploy_config.sh` with the config for your environment

> 3. Ensure the Databricks CLI is installed and configured on your machine. The "DEFAULT" profile should point to the destination workspace where the app will be deployed. You can find instructions [here](https://docs.databricks.com/dev-tools/cli/index.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Ensure the Databricks CLI is installed and configured on your machine. The "DEFAULT" profile should point to the destination workspace where the app will be deployed. You can find instructions here for [AWS](https://docs.databricks.com/dev-tools/cli/index.html) / [Azure](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/databricks/dev-tools/cli/)
```

### Deploy the App
1. Navigate to the app directory
2. Run `./deploy.sh` shell command. This will sync the app code to the destination workspace location and deploy the app
3. Navigate to the Databricks workspace and access the app via "Compute > Apps"

## 🔐 Access Control

### Catalog Allow-Listing

> The Feature Registry App supports restricting which Unity Catalog catalogs users can explore for features. This is useful for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Feature Registry App will show all the catalogs to which the user has read access. You can restrict which Unity Catalog catalogs users can explore for features. This is useful for:
```
